Finalize followup adjustments for the new "First Flutter app" codelab (#8088)
flutter/website: src/development/accessibility-and-localization/accessibility.md

This API checks if your app's UI meets Flutter's accessibility recommendations.
These cover recommendations for text contrast, target size, and target labels.

The following example shows how to use the Guideline API on Name Generator.

> You created this app as part of the <a href="https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab/">codelab</a>

Reviewer: Let's fix this URL while we're here so it works on translated sites properly:

```suggestion
You created this app as part of the
[Write your first Flutter app]({{site.url}}/get-started/codelab) codelab.
```

This API checks if your app's UI meets Flutter's accessibility recommendations.
These cover recommendations for text contrast, target size, and target labels.

The following example shows how to use the Guideline API on Name Generator.
You created this app as part of the
[Write your first Flutter app]({{site.url}}/get-started/codelab) codelab.

> on how to create your first Flutter app.

Reviewer: Oops, I forgot to remove this too:

```suggestion
```
